This is my personal opinion and others
Xiao Xu, Zhou Yanjing's assistant gave Tai Li 50 million
I knew you had a special relationship with him
Don't think that you can do whatever you want here with Zhou Yanying as your backer
Is that so?
You're the best
Let him settle this for me
Better not squeeze me to Yalin Beach
Otherwise, this consequence is not your small live streaming host.
You can't take it
Like I said, that's my opinion.
After a week, if the ruble does not rise
I will bear the consequences myself
Still the same
What sin did I do?
Look at him
Here comes another shit
The car has been missing for a day
Didn't answer the phone
Also for him
I'm just a lover
Not enough to make him worry and hurt himself
Hey
You've been tired all day
Did you not eat?
Then bring your favorite shrimp and shiitake mushroom bastard down
You know what I like to eat
On your side, you don't know
Well, about your hot search
He hasn't solved it for you yet?
Not a big deal
He went to London on business today
His work is more important than mine
If I had a girlfriend as understanding as you?
Dream about it, thank you.
Are you all right?
It's so hot, you're sick, and you still insist on working, you're dying